# Concept #

/Company X/ is a big corporate company and management just got a great
new idea. They have noticed an increased interest around
text-editors; especially after Linus Torvalds announced that his
favourite editor, µemacs/pk, just got support for UTF-8. /Company X/
has heard from their developers that any editor worth its salt should
have implemented UTF-8 support a long time ago. Seeing the popularity
and buzz around this event, /Company X/ sees their oportunity to get
into the market while it is hot, but since µemacs/pk seems like a
black hole of development-time (it did take until now to get /basic/
UTF-8 support), they want to start anew. Management has therefore
decided that /Company X/ will develop a new µemacs-clone. This version
will be called µemacs/pp because `p` comes after `k` in the alphabet
and everyone know that the higher up the alphabet you are the better
the product is.

Management also heard that the newest craze and hottest programming
language today is PILS and has decreed that µemacs/pp will be
implemented in PILS. Fortunately for the developers, noone in
management knows how or what PILS looks like. Unfortunately, the chief
architect for the project also knows that management doesn't know; and
he actually has seen a page of source code before. He has therefore
decided that µemacs/pp will be developed in Go, a new programming
language from Google, because everyone know that everything from
Google has been anointed by God. None of the developers has any idea
of how to program in Go and most of them are enterprise Java
developers. Though, there are one or two javascript developers and a
fanatic Haskell devotee.

## Characters ##

### Carl ###
Originally a theoretical mathematician, he burned out during his work
at Microsoft Research(, it is said he is the reason Simon Peyton-Jones
no longer visits the 3rd floor of the Microsoft Research building in
Cambridge. Though, that is unconfirmed).

### Adam ###
Adam has the desk oposite of Carl and is constantly trying to avoid
upsetting Carl. He wants nothing more then to just do his job, but is
constantly interrupted by either Carl or just his own inability to
actually do anything.
